welcome to rock and reef fishing and
rock and rebate com are you tired of
using the same old outdated fishing
tackle well I'd like to show you a new
patented fishing rig called the chum
stick a new concept and bottom fishing
for fresh and saltwater and targeting a
wide variety of fish the chum stick is a
complete fishing system all in one it
has a hollow shaft with a weight on the
bottom kind of float on the top and a
stainless steel wire suspending the bait
and the hook off the bottom out of the
rocks in plain view of feeding fish the
hollow shaft has holes to allow the
injection and the dispersion of fish
attracting children the chum stick
presents all three of the major stimuli
of sight smell and motion that triggers
the natural feeding instincts of the
fish which greatly improves your chances
of catching more and bigger fish and
unlike the old traditional fishing rigs
that drag your bait horizontally across
the bottom and through the rocks the
chum stick reacts in a vertical hopping
motion and easily slides in and out of
rocky crevices as it moves across the
bottom this gives the fishermen an added
advantage and the ability to work the
bait over a wider area to locate a track
and catch more fish the chum stick works
with live dead and artificial bait so
let's take a look at the chum stick in
action as you can see the chum stick is
oriented in the upright vertical
position with the bait suspended up off
the bottom and out of the rocks this
gives us the ability
to work the bank as we move the chum
stick across them up and notice how the
chum stick easily slides in and out of
the sharp crevices of the rocks as we
move across the bottom this allows us
again to cover more territory and to
locate a track and catch more fish so
now if you're tired of using the old
outdated fishing tackle then the next
time you rigged up for fishing on the
bottom give the chump stick a try so
good luck good fishing and thank you for
listening
you